# Delphinus-Yachts
This project forms practical part of my seminar paper in subject ‘Software Engineering’. I created a web app that enables its users to manage bookings of imaginary yacht charterer ‘Delphinus Yachts’. Users can create bookings and following contracts, connect bookings with certain routes which consists of various locations, add new routes and locations to the database, check yacht availability, check business summary and statistics in terms of number of completed/cancelled bookings, etc. It’s created using .NET framework, ASP.NET MVC, Entity Framework and MSSQL.

## Setup
In order to run this project you need to have Visual Studio 17 or above installed along with MSSQL server and Management Studio. Once installed, you need to open Management Studio, create a new db server and restore the Delphinus Yachts database. Database backup file can be found in this directory under the .bak extension. After db setup, you need to open .sln file with Visual Studio and setup database connection. Find App.config file inside Delphinus-Yachts.Domain assembly and change `connectionString` property of `connectionStrings` section to reflect your newly created db server (change only data source property value). After setting up the db connection you just need to install NuGet packages defined in packages.config file through NuGet Package Manager (Tools -> NuGet Package Manager ->  Package Manager Console). Through console, run `nuget restore` (for more info check following link: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/package-restore). After aforementioned steps are done, you are ready to start the application.
